Helm: added HttpListenPort in distributor-svc-headless (#4393)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Support autoscaling/v2 HorizontalPodAutoscaler for nginx autoscaling starting with Kubernetes 1.23. #4285
* [BUGFIX] Allow override of Kubernetes version for nginx HPA. #4299
* [BUGFIX] Do not generate query-frontend-headless service if query scheduler is enabled. Fixes parity with jsonnet. #4353

> * [BUGFIX] Lost http port in distributor headless service. #4392

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Add http port in distributor headless service. Fixes parity with jsonnet. #4392
```
